[Music]
on this small table in central Gaza
10-year-old rad ata's talent and passion
come
alive I always loved cooking but I
didn't know I had this skill before the
war
started despite the horrors unfolding
around her renat has found a way to put
a smile on both her face and the
hundreds of thousand of followers now
watching her
I'm trying to escape the agony of War
bring joy to myself and to make others
happy to wash away grief and
sadness so far renat has more than
520,000 followers on Instagram where she
post a variety of content including her
almost daily cooking
recipes Gaza is facing severe food
insecurity and it is through donations
that renad gets her ingredients but
finding food to cook is not her only
problem
and bombs warplanes and drones and no
internet are all obstacles whenever the
internet is back I keep myself busy with
my content and posts I enjoy my cooking
recipes and have fun with the clips I
create with every new clip I introduce a
new dish with my own touch this makes me
happy
renad has gained the support of people
all over the world but it is the support
of her family behind the scenes that
allows her to keep
going I always encouraged her I never
thought she would hit social media and
have so many followers the war was a
factor the war's ferocious children are
living in fear trapped at home she like
many suffered greatly we found an
opportunity to give her a space to
express
herself but she grad's resilience in
inspiring an entire generation of
children in Gaza who are traumatized by
War Brad's passion for food is something
that helps her survive the daily life
it's a distraction from what she has
witnessed and a childhood now lost she
hopes one day she will be able to leave
with her family for a normal life away
from Fear And War this is hanim Mahmud
Al jazer from the central area of the
Gaza STP
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer